it really depends on how egregious the the assault is. Um, it's not always
assault. Sometimes it's limited touching. Um, and maybe if it's
a guy or girl, they say, Hey, please don't touch me that way. And that's
the end of it that happened quite frequently. Um, I think I probably
saw an occurrence of that. Maybe once per year. Um, it even happened
with me. You know, like your in your in your in your rack and
then someone graduates like, Hey, wake up. You know, like, hey, you
know, like, keep your space that happens. Um, you know enough to be
noticed, but not, But but the occurrences aren't, uh, so bad that
you have to tell your supervisors on. Then you There are some cases
that you hear. Hey, you know what? Like um, there's gonna be There is
some kind of, um, process with someone in the unit, Um, that that
you hear about it. Maybe it's not in your unit, but somewhere on the
ship. And, you know, rumors kind of spread. Um, technically, you're
not supposed to know about it, because if there is a sexual assault,
um, commanding officers is maybe he could know about it, but he doesn't
have any names. But in general, people kind of know, um, who is
getting too close to other people? And that's when rumors start. In
those cases, the person who's making the the the accusation might
be sent off the ship, especially if people know about about them. So
they're not ostracized. Um, in other cases, you kind of just here that
it did occur or had occurred. But people kind of know the rules
in place, that you're not supposed to talk about it. So you might filter
down to the to the people like, Hey, you know, this probably happened.
But then then it just disappears. Who knows what happens with
that case? Um, eventually, the other person might go to jail, and,
you know, you might not not see someone, um, based on the results of
the finding, but for the most part you don't know who um made accusations
or what specifically occurred, but it does happen enough t b
to be noticeable